Sprint 1 Report
Project C 
Group 7

Sprint Goals: During this sprint our main goal was to implement the join team, join challenge, create team, create challenge, and account recovery functionality into our app.

Sprint Backlog: 
	User Story 1: As a user, I want to be able to retrieve my username/password via email, so I do not have to worry if I forgot my username or password.

	  Scenario: User retrieves their forgotten username/password
   Given a user is on the log-in page
   When they click on the "Forgot my Username/Password" link
   Then they should be taken to the Forgot User/Pass page
   When they filled out the required information
   And answered the security questions correctly
   Then an email with the forgotten username/password should be sent to the address registered with the account.

	Explanation: We accomplished this by creating a random password generator. When the user submits their email, we use a get request to find their account. We then use a post request to change their password to whatever the random password generator created, and then finally send the user an email containing the temporary password.

	User Story 2: As an athlete, I want to be able to view current challenges I have registered, so that I can refer to the challenge information.

	Scenario: User views their current challenges
   Given a user is on their homepage
   When they click the [Current Challenges] button
   Then they should see all the challenges they are currently registered in, along with information
 
	Explanation: We implemented this functionalty by using a get request to search the database for any challenges that are linked with the current user's Id. We then retrieve all of those challenges and place them into a Listview to display. 

	User Story 3: As a user, I want to pick and choose challenges from a list to join, so I can compete in the ones I like.

	Scenario: User registers for a challenge
   Given a user is on their homepage
   When they click the Challenges tab
   Then they should be taken to the future challenges page
   And see all the future challenges that they have not yet registered for
   When they select a challenge
   And click the [Join Team/Create Team] button
   Then they should be able to join an existing team or create a new team
	
	Explanation: We implemented this by using a get request to retrieve all of the challenges that have been created, and then displaying them to the user. The user then clicks on whichever challenge they would like to join, where they are taken to another page which prvoides them with all of the details of that challenge. The user can then either choose to join a team, or create a team for that specific challenge. Once they have done this, they have successfully joined the challenge. 


	User Story 4: As a trainer/coach, I want to create/post Team challenges with vivid description and requirements, so that Teams can join and compete.

	Scenario: User(Coach) creates an individual Challenge
   Given a user(coach) is on their homepage
   When they click the [Create Challenge] button
   Then they should be taken to a challenge creation form page
   When they filled out the required information
   And input a number for the {Team Size} field
   And click the [Ok] button
   Then they should have their challenge created and posted

	Explanation: We implemented this by creating a page for the coach which will allow them to create a challenge. This page is accessed by navigating to the challenge bar and selecting the "Make a challenge" button. They are then prompted to fill in all of the fields related to a challenge, click the "Create a challenge" button, and then the challenge is created and they are redirected to the coach's homepage.

	User Story 5: As an athlete, I want to create a team for certain challenge, so I can participate with my friends.

	Scenario: User creates a team
   Given a user is viewing their challenges
   When they click the [Create Team] button
   Then they should be taken to a team creation form page
   When they filled out the required information
   And click [Create Team]
   Then they should have their account created
   
	Explanation: We implemented this by giving the athlete the option to create a team while choosing how to join a challenge. They are directed to a page which will prompt them to input all the data required to create a team. All of the data is sent in a POST request, and added to the database. 
