Project C
Team 7
Team Reflection


During this sprint, our team implemented the create team, create challenge, join team, join challenge, and forgot password
functionalies. As a team, we all worked together to accomplish our goals, while still each working on a different element of the 
implementation. Ian worked on creating challenges, creating teams, and working with our database in order to ensure that we would
have access to all of the information we needed. Sean worked on joining teams, joining challenges, and creating a UI that allowed 
the app to feel organized and functional. Chris was primarily responsible for ensuring that the forgot password functionality
was implmented so that users would be able to retrieve their information securely. Jeff worked on creating challenges, creating
teams, and creating the fragments that allow the homepage/navigation drawer to feel smooth and quick. Hamed worked on creating 
challenges, creating teams, and creating APIConnection methods that allowed us to interact with the database. Overall, we 
accomplished everything that we planned to. Coaches can create  challenges consiting of a description, name, max team size, fail 
condition, start date/time, duration, and challenge activity. Users can create a team to participate in these challenges, as well
as search through a list of challenges to find one that they enjoy and join it easily by either making a new team, or joining an
existing one.

Something that worked during this iteration was our delegation. Every member of the team had something to work on, and we all
ended up getting our parts done without much of a problem. Another thing that worked was our teamwork. If someone had a question 
about something, we would all share our opinions about a design choice, or help to figure out how to do something if it was more 
technical. An issue we encountered during this spring was finding time to implement all of the functionality. Although we did end
up finishing everything we wanted to, it was a lot more work than expected due to the heavy interaction with the database, as well
as making the UI user friendly. 

For sprint 3, I think that we should try to spread out the work even more than we did this sprint. Since we now know more about
android and also are further down the road with our design, I think that it should be easier to have more individual tasks to 
delegate without much of an issue. In terms of the amount of work that we assigned ourselves, I think that we should stick with the 
same amount of work that we have done for this sprint.
