8. View Current Challenges
As an athlete, I want to be able to view current challenges I have registered, so that I can refer to the challenge information.
Scenario: User views their current challenges
   Given a user is on their homepage
   When they click the [Current Challenges] button
   Then they should see all the challenges they are currently registered in, along with information

Explanation: We implemented this by using an sql query to sort out all challenges that have not yet started or ended, and put them into a list view

13. Leader Boards
As a user, I want to see top performers for both individual and team challenges with respected results, so I can compare my own results.
Scenario: User views leader boards for all challenges
   Given a user is viewing a challenge
   When they click the [Leaderboards] button
   Then they should be taken to the leaderboards page
   And they should see top performers with respected challenges and results

Explanation: We did this by sorting the logged data into teams and individuals. We then sorted each of the results (average of results for the team) and then displayed them as seperate list views

14. Logging results
As an athlete, I want to be able to log my results within 24 hours after the challenge ends, so that I have adequate time to log my results.  
   Scenario: User logs their results
   Given a user is viewing a challenge
   Then they click the [Log] button
   And they should see a open input field for {Amount}
   When they input a number
   And they click the [Log] button
   Then their result for the selected challenge should be logged

Explanantion: We did this by creating a log table within the database which stores the values that each individual logs
   


15. History
As an athlete, I want to be able to see a history of past challenges I competed in with respected results, so that I can track my progress.
Scenario: User views their history of past challenges
   Given a user is on their homepage
   When they click on the [History] button
   Then they should be taken to a history page
   And they should see all past challenges they have participated in with their logged results

Explanation: We did this by choosing only the challenges which have ended, and that the user entered into, and then placing these into a list view


17. Challenge start notifications
As an athlete, I want to receive notification prior to when a challenge is about to start, so that I do not forget to participate.
Scenario: User receives notification before the challenge is to start
   Given a user is registered for a challenge
   When the challenge is near its start time
   Then the user should receive a notification from the app to remind them

Explanantion: We implemented this by creating a notification every time a user starts or joins a team, which goes off at the challenge start time


18. Logging notifications
As an athlete, I want to receive notification if I have not yet logged my results by 8pm on the last day to log, so that I do not forget to log.
   Scenario: User receive notification at 8pm(Eastern) on the last day to log results if they have not yet logged
   Given a user is registered for a challenge
   And they have not yet logged their results
   When it is 8pm(Eastern) on the last day to log
   Then they should receive a notification from the app to remind them

Explanantion: We implemented this by creating a repeating notification everytime a user starts or joins a team, and set the notification to go off every night at 8pm, reminding the user to log their results

