Project C
Team 7
Team Reflection


During this sprint, our team implemented the result logging, challange history, leaderboards, and notifications part of the app.
As a team, we all worked together to accomplish our goals, while still each working on a different element of the
implementation. Ian worked on logging results as well as the history portions of the app. Sean worked on creating the notifications
that would remind the users to log their results.Chris worked on documentation so that we could make sure everybody was on track.
Jeff worked on logging, history, and leaderboards so that users could log their results, see the top performers in each catergory,
and see which challenges they have been a part of. Hamed worked on allowing users to update thier profile information so that they
could personalize their accounts. Overall, we accomplished everything that we planned to. Atheltes are now able to log their
results, see their challenge history, see individual and team leaderboards, and get notified each night so they dont forget to
either start logging results for a challenge, or keep logging their results for a challenge.

Something that worked during this spring was our ability to figure things out. Now that we all have had some exposure to android
studio, PHP, and SQL, we all knew the languages and concepts better than we did before, which allowed us to get more done easier.
Something else that worked during this iteration was our delegation. Every member of the team had something to work on, and we all
ended up getting our parts done without much of a problem. An issue we encountered during this spring was finding time to implement
all of the functionality. Although we did end
up finishing everything we wanted to, it was a lot more work than expected due to the heavy interaction with the database, as well
as making the UI user friendly.

For the rest of the project, we still have a lot to complete such as team invitations, profile lookup, and a lot of small error
checking things that are required to make the app behave as expected. Overall, I think we got a lot done in the six weeks that we
had to work on this project, and I think that what we have is very good for a team who has never made android apps before.

